adding learning objectives to early episodes (#1114)
carpentries/instructor-training: _episodes/05-memory.md

- "What is cognitive load and how does it affect learning?"
- "How can we design instruction to work with, rather than against, memory constraints?"
objectives:
- "Remember the quantitative limit of human memory." 

> - "Identify the number of concepts required in a lesson by drawing a concept map." 

Reviewer: Maybe "Apply a concept map to identify concepts and relationships required in a lesson"? That more accurately places this as an advanced-Blooms activity (arguably too advanced).

> - "Apply a concept map to identify concepts and relationships required in a lesson."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "Apply concept mapping as a tool to identify concepts and relationships required in a lesson."
```

- "Use a concept map to plan a formative assessment strategy."

> - "Describe the three components of cognitive load theory and which should be emphasized or diminished." 

Reviewer: While we do cover the three components specifically, we don't have an activity that asks learners to describe them. I find that most learner conversations focus on extraneous load and don't lean too heavily on the sub-terms (i.e. use "add to cognitive load" vs "create extraneous load").

Author: I changed "Describe" to "Name"
